---
title: []
created: []
tags:
  - daily
  - daily-notes
aliases:
  - December 26, 2025
id: 2025-12-26
---

## Daily Journal: 2025-12-26

### 📅 Daily Log

#### **Mood:**

😊 Happy

---

### 🚀 Today's Priorities

- [ ] Task 1
- [ ] Task 2
- [ ] Task 3

### ✅ Accomplishments

- Got a lot done with my #Nix configurations.
  - Unwrapped #Neovim to allow me to modify #Lua files and settings on the fly
    and has been working great.
    > [!NOTE] it was stated that it worked wonky by the creator of the #Flake #nixCats #BirdeeHub
- Figured out a lot about how my #Lua configs work.
  - Was able to add #keymaps.lua and #options.lua to the folder and have them load instantly or after reboot
  - Figured out how to set icons in #which-key. Example below.

  ```lua
  add({ "<leader>C", group = "Crates", icon = " " })
  add({ "<leader>k", group = "Kanban", icon = " " })
  add({ "<leader>K", icon = " " })
  add({ "<leader>r", group = "Mini.Operators", icon = " " })

  ```

---

### 📝 Journal Entry & Reflection

#### What Happened Today?

- Got Christmas shopping done. Hopefully, people like what I got them. _we celebrated late because of #Sammie's work schedule_

### One Thing I Am Grateful For

> Thankful that I'm able to get things figured out and I really do feel accomplished today.

### How Am I Feeling Today?

I'm happy with how things have gone. Now I can really get into doing some other stuff.
I do have plans to add nix to my phone and see if I can use #Neovim there.

---

### 🔮 Tomorrow's Focus

- Thinking of setting up my #zen-browser to have all the #workspaces and #pinned websites automatically loaded on new installs. That would be just swell.
- Work on #Rust programming. #GUIDevelopment and #Microprocessor programming is my interest.
- I think I might do one #FreeCAD 30-minute video on #YouTube to start getting into creating the #3DPrints I want to be doing eventually.
