---
title: []
created: []
tags:
  - daily
  - daily-notes
aliases:
  - January 6, 2026
id: 2026-01-06
---

# Daily Journal: 2026-01-06

## ðŸ“… Daily Log

### **Sleep:**

#### **Quality:**

- Didn't sleep great. Took forever to fall asleep so I didn't get much.

#### **Dreams:**

- I did have dreams about my Nix configuration because I went to bed when it
  was compiling.

### **Mood:**

> [!NOTE] [e.g., ðŸ˜Š Happy, ðŸ˜Œ Calm, ðŸ’¡ Reflective]

ðŸ˜ª Sleepy

---

### ðŸš€ Today's Priorities

- [>] Look into fixing Zen Browser not having WebGL working in my Nix

### âœ… Accomplishments

- GOt a lot of stuff knocked out for me getting out.
  - Requested:
    - Mental Health Records
    - Medical Records
    - Dental Records
  - Asked friends about helping me get a job where they work

---

## ðŸ“ Journal Entry & Reflection

### What Happened Today?

> [!QUESTION] [Record key events or observations in bullet points]

I had some bad anxiety today over getting out.
My mind wouldn't get over the fact I'm facing financial ruin.

### One Thing I Am Grateful For

> [!QUESTION] [Write a sentence or two about something you appreciate]

I'm grateful that I have friends that would vouch for my skills and
work ethic.

I'm grateful that I was able to serve my country in the US Navy

I'm grateful that I have aspects when I get out.

### How Am I Feeling Today?

> [!QUESTION] [Describe your thoughts and emotions to understand them more clearly]

î¹» Scare of financial ruin.

---

## ðŸ”® Tomorrow's Focus

> [!QUESTION] [Brainstorm 1-3 major items for the next day]

Talk to Austin Seward about his job and if he gets anything for referring me.
