---
title: []
created: []
tags:
  - daily
  - daily-notes
aliases:
  - January 1, 2026
id: 2026-01-01
---

# Daily Journal: 2026-01-01

## ðŸ“… Daily Log

### **Sleep:**

#### **Quality:**

#### **Dreams:**

### **Mood:**

> [!QUESTION] [e.g., ðŸ˜Š Happy, ðŸ˜Œ Calm, ðŸ’¡ Reflective]

---

### ðŸš€ Today's Priorities

- [ ] Research what I did on my #75HARD challenge for a diet.
- [ ] Think about what my workouts will be.
- [ ] Finish up printing spool holders to get my MMU working better.
- [>] Make a #Nix configuration I can share throughout my LXC on #Proxmox.
- [ ] Find birth certificates and marriage certificates.
  - [x] Tori
  - [ ] Amelia
  - [ ] Samantha

### âœ… Accomplishments

- Started testing the Silk PLA+ I got a month ago.
- Got 5 spools on the wall now.
- One extra filament that isn't running into issues because of the channel
  feeding it is somehow messed up

---

## ðŸ“ Journal Entry & Reflection

### What Happened Today?

> [!QUESTION] [Record key events or observations in bullet points]

Was a Lazy day since it is a holiday and all. Spent the day in my room
watching anime. #ChainsawMan was what I watched. Finished the one season
they have of it.

Having some issues with getting the Silk PLA+ going. I have heard it can
be very tricky to print this stuff so I should be patient with myself.
I need to probably dry the filament.

The fan might also be busted... ðŸ™

Found out I shouldn't have washed anything today. Including the dishes.
Which I did wash my pan earlier after cooking some chicken tacos in it.

### One Thing I Am Grateful For

> [!QUESTION] [Write a sentence or two about something you appreciate]

I appreciate the cute gift they got me for Christmas. It sits here smiling at me.
I appreciate what my sister does to spend time with me. She wants to go visit family
we haven't spent a lot of time with.

### How Am I Feeling Today?

> [!QUESTION] [Describe your thoughts and emotions to understand them more clearly]

I'm glad I can get some of the stuff I'm working on to work with the 3D Printer.
It was stressful when things didn't work out. Everything takes time and I should
be more patient. It's a good stressor for me to have some things go wrong and
stick to it.

---

## ðŸ”® Tomorrow's Focus

> [!QUESTION] [Brainstorm 1-3 major items for the next day]
